Feature: use condition in when expression (#631)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml/yaml-skip-build-and-build-steps.md

Note that `codemagic.yaml` is always included in the changeset by default.

Both keys `includes` and `excludes` in `changeset` are *optional*. If the `includes` key is not specified, its value will default to `'.'`. The `excludes` key defaults to no exclusions.

If you use a monorepo, each workflow could be responsible for building a part of your application. Use conditional workflow triggering and specify the path to the application in the changeset as in the example below.

```yaml
workflows:
  build-android:
    name: Build Android
    triggering:
      events:
        - push
    when:
      changeset:
        includes:
          - 'android/'
```

As a result, commits with changes outside of the android folder will not trigger a build.

### Using `condition` inside `when`

`condition` will be evaluated during the build. Build will be skipped if condition evaluates to `false`.

Current environment is accessible under `env` variable.

Examples

```python
env.ENV == 'debug'  # build will run if ENV is equal to `debug`
env.PLATFORM == 'windows'  # build will run if PLATFORM is equal to `windows`
env.FCI_BRANCH != 'master' # build will be skipped if the current branch is not master

> ```

Reviewer: This needs a larger example, it's not clear where and how to set this in codemagic.yaml. If you're referring to Codemagic-specific variables, a link to the read-only variable sections would be handy too.

> Webhook payload is accessible under `event` variable. Note that `event` is not available if build started manually or by a schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhook payload is accessible under the `event` variable. Note that `event` is not available if the build is started manually from the UI or by a schedule.
```

> Be sure to check the webhook event body in application settings under Webhooks tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to check the webhook event body in your application settings on the Webhooks tab.
```

> For the purpose of giving an example, let's assume that webhook body is equal to the following structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of giving an example, let's assume that webhook body is equal to the following structure
```
```suggestion
For the purpose of giving an example, let's assume that webhook body is equal to the following structure.
```

```json
{
  "pull_request": {"draft": true},
  "repository": {"open_issues_count": 3},

  ...
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Add sth like this:
You can then specify the following conditions based on the information in the webhook payload.

```python
event.pull_request.draft == true  # build will run only for draft pull requests

> event.repository.open_issues_count > 1  # build will run if issues count is more than one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event.repository.open_issues_count > 1  # build will run if issues count is greater than 1
```

```

It's possible to use logical operators in conditions, e.g. `not`, `and`, `or`.

```python
event.pull_request.draft == false and event.repository.open_issues_count
```

> ## Using `when` to skip build steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using `when` to trigger or skip build steps
```

> You may also want to skip some specific steps when building your application. Use the same approach with scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also want to trigger or skip some specific steps or scripts in your workflow when building your application.
```
